yo guys what is up and all here today
bringing you guys another cartoon
conspiracy so what we're gonna be
talking about today is each character on
SpongeBob SquarePants representing one
of the deadly sins which I really did
not know much about because I'm not much
of a like Christian person I don't go to
like Church and all that so I don't
really know about the seven deadly sins
bla bla bla bla bla yeah yeah yeah oh my
god you don't go to church okay whatever
who cares anyways guys so we're gonna go
ahead and get right into this so
basically one of the seven deadly sins
is apparently sloth which means you know
you're kind of lazy you kind of don't
want to do anything you're kind of
boring to be around I would guess and
it's saying that Patrick is the sloth
because he is obviously lazy he does a
whole bunch of different like he doesn't
really do a whole bunch is what I'm
trying to say he doesn't really do a
whole lot and he for everything he does
do kind of is lazy like one episode he
was trying to win an award but he was
acting like spongebob to win an award
because he wanted an award and spongebob
was the only one winning awards it says
that wrath is Squidward surest must be
one of the seven deadly sins as well and
what I would assume wrath is is like
anger like hatred and a whole bunch of
things that wrath would mean I would
guess and it says that wrath is
Squidward who was constantly in a bad
mood and hates pretty much everything
because Squidward hates spongebob he's
always in a bad mood because he's bad at
you know playing his little flute thingy
because he likes to play the skin flute
just kidding kids don't ask me what that
means
um greed would be mr. Krabs who is
blatantly greedy and money driven so
greed would be like you want everything
for yourself and you don't want to share
it for anyone or with anyone because you
are obviously greedy and you want to you
know make sure that everything that you
have is yours or anything that
anyone else has you can make yours
basically envy would be envious which
would be like you're jealous of somebody
because of somebody else's success or
because of how they are like example in
high school the jocks would get the
girls and all that
so envy would be plankton because
plankton envies mr. Krabs which has
success as the cat the crabby or Krusty
Krab excuse me as his business the
chumbucket which is Plankton's business
always is failing constantly he never
gets any business etc etc etc gluten E
which would be which would be like
always wanting to eat like you know fat
people always want to eat and never
wanting to you know quit eat gluten E
would be Gary because he eats a lot
there's a regularly spoken phrase on
Sponge Bob that kind of goes with it
that says don't forget to feed Gary that
kind of supports the gluten II of Gary
pride which would be like you're too
prideful like you don't like you to fool
yourself basically like Justin Bieber
sandy would be pride sandy is a proud
Texan who vocalizes that often and lust
lust is like happiness too much
excitement and lust would be spongebob
who is habit actually overly friendly
with people and appears to love everyone
even that feeling isn't reciprocated
excuse me so anyways guys that's it for
this video if you guys have enjoyed be
sure to leave a like hit that subscribe
button below and leave a comment in the
comment section below and tell me if you
guys think that this theory could be a
possibility I honestly do even though I
don't believe in all that sin with
that said guys I will see you guys in
the next video peace OH